Youtube Videos in Website (#155)
w3c/wot-cg: Tutorials/whatiswot/website/docs/intro.md

# What is WoT?

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xyin2oLLpYY?si=G6TDeDcNtQC3HNeC" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> <a href = "https://github.com/w3c/wot-cg/blob/main/Tutorials/whatiswot/1-WoT/1-WoT.mp4">Click here if YouTube does not work to download:</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href = "https://github.com/w3c/wot-cg/blob/main/Tutorials/whatiswot/1-WoT/1-WoT.mp4">Click here if YouTube does not work to go to our GitHub.</a>
```

Reviewer: This needs to be applied to all videos

Reviewer: Done
